hello there in this video I will attempt
to make integrated from the clothes
until this unfinished hammock this is
one of the first time up son made in my
skills with this machine will not but
great yet ever since I made several
hammocks as you can see quite successful
and now I want to make one with
integrated on the crowds so the scenes
are not that great d suing is a bit bad
so are you sooo it a bit and then with
integrated and the crowd to use this
material which has already some loft or
whatever it is attached to it I want to
sue this on this hammock
I know in time if I would use it a lot
of little stretch a bit and this would
look the lofty anymore but oh I don't
sleep every day in a hammock
or just text although it's possible an
idiot how good it works upcoming weekend
I have a another long weekend hiking
ahead so I want to try this out there
here we go so I cut the material
polyester little loft on sighs it's now
a tea with 160 the whole hammock is bad
well so then 48 centimeters by 285 next
first so this trip on this edge so it
covers the node nice part and that's all
around with some leftovers ahead it's
not the same color but how I can look at
that and that's what I'm going to do now
and then so the hammock quilt thing to
have
as you can see I pinned it down this is
departed also to the hammock now I'm
gonna sell this to the quilt part
he seems to work
it's getting a little bit darker I
didn't I don't know how to light here
but I want to show you the almost
finished brother I sewed those closing
ends all around and next up would be
sewing it to the hammock so this is
where thick and this is just a material
like a channel and this is where so it
to the hammock and about in this shape
oh let's continue finished completely
pinning it down usually I don't use pins
but for this time i see no adoption okay
let the sewing begin
as the bestest I had it on each side a
piece of rope care about it how's the
hanging up
looks okay
has a natural spreading water
I feel that where the body is touching
it especially my ass it hasn't been
compressed not very much but is little
more than all the stars other words
it feels pretty work
I'll go to take this weekend from a
hiking trip and let's see how it
performs I'm happy with it let me know
what you think
you